# swagger-java-client

TeamCity REST API
- API version: 2018.1
  - Build date: 2023-02-26T16:22:21.476Z

No description provided (generated by Swagger Codegen https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)


*Automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.swagger</groupId>
  <artifactId>swagger-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "io.swagger:swagger-java-client:1.0.0"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/swagger-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

import io.swagger.client.*;
import io.swagger.client.auth.*;
import io.swagger.client.model.*;
import io.swagger.client.api.AgentApi;

import java.io.File;
import java.util.*;

public class AgentApiExample {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        
        AgentApi apiInstance = new AgentApi();
        String agentLocator = "agentLocator_example"; // String | 
        try {
            apiInstance.deleteAgent(agentLocator);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
            System.err.println("Exception when calling AgentApi#deleteAgent");
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://localhost:8111*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AgentApi* | [**deleteAgent**](docs/AgentApi.md#deleteAgent) | **DELETE** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator} | Delete an inactive agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getAgent**](docs/AgentApi.md#getAgent) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator} | Get agent matching the locator.
*AgentApi* | [**getAgentField**](docs/AgentApi.md#getAgentField) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getAgentPool**](docs/AgentApi.md#getAgentPool) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/pool | Get the agent pool of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getAllAgents**](docs/AgentApi.md#getAllAgents) | **GET** /app/rest/agents | Get all known agents.
*AgentApi* | [**getAuthorizedInfo**](docs/AgentApi.md#getAuthorizedInfo) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/authorizedInfo | Get the authorization info of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getBuildConfigurationRunPolicy**](docs/AgentApi.md#getBuildConfigurationRunPolicy) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/compatibilityPolicy | Get the build configuration run policy of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getCompatibleBuildTypes**](docs/AgentApi.md#getCompatibleBuildTypes) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/compatibleBuildTypes | Get build types compatible with the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**getEnabledInfo**](docs/AgentApi.md#getEnabledInfo) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/enabledInfo | Check if the matching agent is enabled.
*AgentApi* | [**getIncompatibleBuildTypes**](docs/AgentApi.md#getIncompatibleBuildTypes) | **GET** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/incompatibleBuildTypes | Get build types incompatible with the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**setAgentField**](docs/AgentApi.md#setAgentField) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**setAgentPool**](docs/AgentApi.md#setAgentPool) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/pool | Assign the matching agent to the specified agent pool.
*AgentApi* | [**setAuthorizedInfo**](docs/AgentApi.md#setAuthorizedInfo) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/authorizedInfo | Update the authorization info of the matching agent.
*AgentApi* | [**setBuildConfigurationRunPolicy**](docs/AgentApi.md#setBuildConfigurationRunPolicy) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/compatibilityPolicy | Update build configuration run policy of agent matching locator.
*AgentApi* | [**setEnabledInfo**](docs/AgentApi.md#setEnabledInfo) | **PUT** /app/rest/agents/{agentLocator}/enabledInfo | Update the enablement status of the matching agent.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**addAgentToAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#addAgentToAgentPool) | **POST** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/agents | Assign the agent to the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**addProjectToAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#addProjectToAgentPool) | **POST** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Assign the project to the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**createAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#createAgentPool) | **POST** /app/rest/agentPools | Create a new agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**deleteAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#deleteAgentPool) | **DELETE** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator} | Delete the agent pool matching the locator.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**deleteAllProjectsFromAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#deleteAllProjectsFromAgentPool) | **DELETE** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Unassign all projects from the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**deleteProjectFromAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#deleteProjectFromAgentPool) | **DELETE** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects/{projectLocator} | Unassign the project from the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getAgentPoolOfAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#getAgentPoolOfAgentPool) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator} | Get the agent pool matching the locator.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getAllAgentPools**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#getAllAgentPools) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools | Get all agent pools.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getAllAgentsFromAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#getAllAgentsFromAgentPool) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/agents | Get the agent of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getAllProjectsFromAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#getAllProjectsFromAgentPool) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Get all projects of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**getFieldFromAgentPool**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#getFieldFromAgentPool) | **GET** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**setAgentPoolField**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#setAgentPoolField) | **PUT** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching agent pool.
*AgentPoolApi* | [**setAgentPoolProjects**](docs/AgentPoolApi.md#setAgentPoolProjects) | **PUT** /app/rest/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator}/projects | Update projects of the matching agent pool.
*AuditApi* | [**getAllAuditEvents**](docs/AuditApi.md#getAllAuditEvents) | **GET** /app/rest/audit | Get all audit events.
*AuditApi* | [**getAuditEvent**](docs/AuditApi.md#getAuditEvent) | **GET** /app/rest/audit/{auditEventLocator} | Get audit event matching the locator.
*AvatarApi* | [**deleteAvatar**](docs/AvatarApi.md#deleteAvatar) | **DELETE** /app/rest/avatars/{userLocator} | Delete a users avatar
*AvatarApi* | [**getAvatar**](docs/AvatarApi.md#getAvatar) | **GET** /app/rest/avatars/{userLocator}/{size}/avatar.png | Get a users avatar
*AvatarApi* | [**getAvatarWithHash**](docs/AvatarApi.md#getAvatarWithHash) | **GET** /app/rest/avatars/{userLocator}/{size}/avatar.{hash}.png | Get a users avatar
*AvatarApi* | [**putAvatar**](docs/AvatarApi.md#putAvatar) | **PUT** /app/rest/avatars/{userLocator} | Update a users avatar
*BuildApi* | [**addBuildVcsLabel**](docs/BuildApi.md#addBuildVcsLabel) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/vcsLabels | Add a VCS label to the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**addLogMessageToBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#addLogMessageToBuild) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/log | Adds a message to the build log. Service messages are accepted.
*BuildApi* | [**addProblemToBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#addProblemToBuild) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/problemOccurrences | Add a build problem to the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**addTagsToBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#addTagsToBuild) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/tags | Add tags to the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**addTagsToMultipleBuilds**](docs/BuildApi.md#addTagsToMultipleBuilds) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/tags | Add tags to multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**cancelBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#cancelBuild) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator} | cancelBuild
*BuildApi* | [**cancelMultiple**](docs/BuildApi.md#cancelMultiple) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator} | cancelMultipleBuilds
*BuildApi* | [**deleteBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#deleteBuild) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator} | Delete build matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**deleteBuildComment**](docs/BuildApi.md#deleteBuildComment) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/comment | Remove the build comment matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**deleteMultipleBuildComments**](docs/BuildApi.md#deleteMultipleBuildComments) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/comment | Delete comments of multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**deleteMultipleBuilds**](docs/BuildApi.md#deleteMultipleBuilds) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator} | Delete multiple builds matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**downloadFileOfBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#downloadFileOfBuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/files{path} | Download specific file.
*BuildApi* | [**getAggregatedBuildStatus**](docs/BuildApi.md#getAggregatedBuildStatus) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/aggregated/{buildLocator}/status | Get the build status of aggregated matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**getAggregatedBuildStatusIcon**](docs/BuildApi.md#getAggregatedBuildStatusIcon) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/aggregated/{buildLocator}/statusIcon{suffix} | Get the status icon (in specified format) of aggregated matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**getAllBuilds**](docs/BuildApi.md#getAllBuilds) | **GET** /app/rest/builds | Get all builds.
*BuildApi* | [**getArtifactDependencyChanges**](docs/BuildApi.md#getArtifactDependencyChanges) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifactDependencyChanges | Get artifact dependency changes of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getArtifactsDirectory**](docs/BuildApi.md#getArtifactsDirectory) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifactsDirectory | Get the artifacts&#39; directory of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator} | Get build matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildActualParameters**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildActualParameters) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/resulting-properties | Get actual build parameters of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildField**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildField) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildFinishDate**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildFinishDate) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/finishDate | Get the finish date of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildNumber**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildNumber) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/number | Get the number of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildPinInfo**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildPinInfo) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/pinInfo | Check if the matching build is pinned.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildProblems**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildProblems) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/problemOccurrences | Get build problems of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildRelatedIssues**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildRelatedIssues) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/relatedIssues | Get related issues of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildResolved**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildResolved) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/resolved/{value} | Get the resolvement status of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildResultingProperties**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildResultingProperties) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/resulting-properties/{propertyName} | Update a build parameter of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildSourceFile**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildSourceFile) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/sources/files/{fileName} | Get a source file of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildStatisticValue**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildStatisticValue) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statistics/{name} | Get a statistical value of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildStatisticValues**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildStatisticValues) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statistics | Get all statistical values of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildStatus**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildStatus) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/status | Get status of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildStatusIcon**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildStatusIcon) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statusIcon{suffix} | Get the status icon (in specified format) of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildStatusText**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildStatusText) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statusText | Get the build status text of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildTags**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildTags) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/tags | Get tags of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildTestOccurrences**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildTestOccurrences) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/testOccurrences | Get test occurrences of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getBuildVcsLabels**](docs/BuildApi.md#getBuildVcsLabels) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/vcsLabels | Get VCS labels of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**getCanceledInfo**](docs/BuildApi.md#getCanceledInfo) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/canceledInfo | Check if the matching build is canceled.
*BuildApi* | [**getFileMetadataOfBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#getFileMetadataOfBuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*BuildApi* | [**getFilesListForSubpathOfBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#getFilesListForSubpathOfBuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/{path} | List files under this path.
*BuildApi* | [**getFilesListOfBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#getFilesListOfBuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts | List all files.
*BuildApi* | [**getMultipleBuilds**](docs/BuildApi.md#getMultipleBuilds) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator} | Get multiple builds matching the locator.
*BuildApi* | [**getZippedFileOfBuild**](docs/BuildApi.md#getZippedFileOfBuild) | **GET** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/artifacts/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*BuildApi* | [**markBuildAsRunning**](docs/BuildApi.md#markBuildAsRunning) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/runningData | Starts the queued build as an agent-less build and returns the corresponding running build.
*BuildApi* | [**pinMultipleBuilds**](docs/BuildApi.md#pinMultipleBuilds) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/pinInfo | Pin multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**removeMultipleBuildTags**](docs/BuildApi.md#removeMultipleBuildTags) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/tags | Remove tags from multiple matching builds.
*BuildApi* | [**resetBuildFinishProperties**](docs/BuildApi.md#resetBuildFinishProperties) | **DELETE** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/caches/finishProperties | Remove build parameters from the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildComment**](docs/BuildApi.md#setBuildComment) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/comment | Update the comment on the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildFinishDate**](docs/BuildApi.md#setBuildFinishDate) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/finishDate | Marks the running build as finished by passing agent the current time of the build to finish.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildNumber**](docs/BuildApi.md#setBuildNumber) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/number | Update the number of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildPinInfo**](docs/BuildApi.md#setBuildPinInfo) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/pinInfo | Update the pin info of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildStatus**](docs/BuildApi.md#setBuildStatus) | **POST** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/status | Change status of the build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildStatusText**](docs/BuildApi.md#setBuildStatusText) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/statusText | Update the build status of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setBuildTags**](docs/BuildApi.md#setBuildTags) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/tags | Update tags of the matching build.
*BuildApi* | [**setFinishedTime**](docs/BuildApi.md#setFinishedTime) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/{buildLocator}/finish | Marks the running build as finished by passing agent the current time of the build to finish.
*BuildApi* | [**setMultipleBuildComments**](docs/BuildApi.md#setMultipleBuildComments) | **PUT** /app/rest/builds/multiple/{buildLocator}/comment | Update comments in multiple matching builds.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**addBuildToQueue**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#addBuildToQueue) | **POST** /app/rest/buildQueue | Add a new build to the queue.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**addTagsToBuildOfBuildQueue**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#addTagsToBuildOfBuildQueue) | **POST** /app/rest/buildQueue/{buildLocator}/tags | Add tags to the matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**approveQueuedBuild**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#approveQueuedBuild) | **POST** /app/rest/buildQueue/{buildLocator}/approve | Approve queued build with approval feature enabled.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**cancelQueuedBuild**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#cancelQueuedBuild) | **POST** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator} | Cancel a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**deleteAllQueuedBuilds**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#deleteAllQueuedBuilds) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildQueue | Delete all queued builds.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**deleteQueuedBuild**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#deleteQueuedBuild) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator} | Delete a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getAllQueuedBuilds**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#getAllQueuedBuilds) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue | Get all queued builds.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getApprovalInfo**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#getApprovalInfo) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue/{buildLocator}/approvalInfo | Get approval info of a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getCompatibleAgentsForBuild**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#getCompatibleAgentsForBuild) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator}/compatibleAgents | Get compatible agents for a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getQueuedBuild**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#getQueuedBuild) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue/{queuedBuildLocator} | Get a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getQueuedBuildPosition**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#getQueuedBuildPosition) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue/order/{queuePosition} | Get the queue position of a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**getQueuedBuildTags**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#getQueuedBuildTags) | **GET** /app/rest/buildQueue/{buildLocator}/tags | Get tags of the queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**setQueuedBuildPosition**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#setQueuedBuildPosition) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildQueue/order/{queuePosition} | Update the queue position of a queued matching build.
*BuildQueueApi* | [**setQueuedBuildsOrder**](docs/BuildQueueApi.md#setQueuedBuildsOrder) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildQueue/order | Update the build queue order.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addAgentRequirementToBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addAgentRequirementToBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements | Add an agent requirement to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addArtifactDependencyToBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addArtifactDependencyToBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies | Add an artifact dependency to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addBuildFeatureToBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addBuildFeatureToBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features | Add build feature to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addBuildStepToBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addBuildStepToBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps | Add a build step to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addBuildTemplate**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addBuildTemplate) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Add a build template to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addParameterToBuildFeature**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addParameterToBuildFeature) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Update build feature parameter for the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addParameterToBuildStep**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addParameterToBuildStep) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Add a parameter to a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addSnapshotDependencyToBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addSnapshotDependencyToBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies | Add a snapshot dependency to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addTriggerToBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addTriggerToBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers | Add a trigger to the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**addVcsRootToBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#addVcsRootToBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries | Add a VCS root to the matching build.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**createBuildParameterOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#createBuildParameterOfBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Create a build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**createBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#createBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/buildTypes | Create a new build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteAgentRequirement**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteAgentRequirement) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator} | Remove an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteArtifactDependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteArtifactDependency) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator} | Remove an artifact dependency from the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildParameterOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteBuildParameterOfBuildType) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name} | Delete build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildParametersOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteBuildParametersOfBuildType) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Delete all build parameters.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildStep**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteBuildStep) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId} | Delete a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildStepParameters**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteBuildStepParameters) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters | Update a parameter of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteBuildType) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator} | Delete build configuration matching the locator.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteFeatureOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteFeatureOfBuildType) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId} | Remove a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteSnapshotDependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteSnapshotDependency) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies/{snapshotDepLocator} | Delete a snapshot dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteTrigger**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteTrigger) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator} | Delete a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**deleteVcsRootOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#deleteVcsRootOfBuildType) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator} | Remove a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**downloadFileOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#downloadFileOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/files{path} | Download specific file.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAgentRequirement**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAgentRequirement) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator} | Get an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAgentRequirementParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAgentRequirementParameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator}/{fieldName} | Get a setting of an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAliases**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAliases) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/aliases | Get external IDs of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllAgentRequirements**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllAgentRequirements) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements | Get all agent requirements of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllArtifactDependencies**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllArtifactDependencies) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies | Get all artifact dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBranchesOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllBranchesOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/branches | Get all branches of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildFeatureParameters**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllBuildFeatureParameters) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters | Get all parameters of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildFeatures**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllBuildFeatures) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features | Get all build features of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildStepParameters**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllBuildStepParameters) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters | Get all parameters of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildSteps**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllBuildSteps) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps | Get all build steps of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildTemplates**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllBuildTemplates) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Get all build templates of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllBuildTypes**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllBuildTypes) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes | Get all build configurations.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllInvestigationsOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllInvestigationsOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/investigations | Get all investigations of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllSnapshotDependencies**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllSnapshotDependencies) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies | Get all snapshot dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllTriggers**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllTriggers) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers | Get all triggers of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getAllVcsRootsOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getAllVcsRootsOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries | Get all VCS roots of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getArtifactDependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getArtifactDependency) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator} | Get an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getArtifactDependencyParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getArtifactDependencyParameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator}/{fieldName} | Get a parameter of an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildFeature**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildFeature) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId} | Get a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildFeatureParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildFeatureParameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Get a parameter of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildFeatureSetting**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildFeatureSetting) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/{name} | Get the setting of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParameterOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildParameterOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name} | Get build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParameterSpecificationOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildParameterSpecificationOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Get build parameter specification.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParameterTypeOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildParameterTypeOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Get type of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParameterValueOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildParameterValueOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Get value of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildParametersOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildParametersOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Get build parameters.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildStep**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildStep) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId} | Get a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildStepParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildStepParameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/parameters/{parameterName} | Get a parameter of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildStepSetting**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildStepSetting) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/{fieldName} | Get the setting of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTemplate**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildTemplate) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates/{templateLocator} | Get a template of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator} | Get build configuration matching the locator.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTypeBuildTags**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildTypeBuildTags) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/buildTags | Get tags of builds of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTypeBuilds**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildTypeBuilds) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/builds | Get builds of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTypeField**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildTypeField) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getBuildTypeSettingsFile**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getBuildTypeSettingsFile) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/settingsFile | Get the settings file of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getFileMetadataOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getFileMetadataOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getFilesListForSubpathOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getFilesListForSubpathOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/{path} | List files under this path.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getFilesListOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getFilesListOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest | List all files.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getSnapshotDependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getSnapshotDependency) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies/{snapshotDepLocator} | Get a snapshot dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getTrigger**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getTrigger) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator} | Get a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getTriggerParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getTriggerParameter) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator}/{fieldName} | Get a parameter of a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getVcsRoot**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getVcsRoot) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator} | Get a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getVcsRootCheckoutRules**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getVcsRootCheckoutRules) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator}/checkout-rules | Get checkout rules of a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getVcsRootInstancesOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getVcsRootInstancesOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcsRootInstances | Get all VCS root instances of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**getZippedFileOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#getZippedFileOfBuildType) | **GET** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs/files/latest/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**removeAllTemplates**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#removeAllTemplates) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Detach all templates from the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**removeTemplate**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#removeTemplate) | **DELETE** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates/{templateLocator} | Detach a template from the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAgentRequirement**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceAgentRequirement) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator} | Update an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllAgentRequirements**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceAllAgentRequirements) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements | Update all agent requirements of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllArtifactDependencies**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceAllArtifactDependencies) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies | Update all artifact dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllBuildFeatures**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceAllBuildFeatures) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features | Update all build features of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllBuildSteps**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceAllBuildSteps) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps | Update all build steps of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllSnapshotDependencies**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceAllSnapshotDependencies) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies | Update all snapshot dependencies of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllTriggers**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceAllTriggers) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers | Update all triggers of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceAllVcsRoots**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceAllVcsRoots) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries | Update all VCS roots of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceArtifactDependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceArtifactDependency) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator} | Update an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceBuildFeature**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceBuildFeature) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId} | Update a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceBuildFeatureParameters**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceBuildFeatureParameters) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/parameters | Update a parameter of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceBuildStep**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceBuildStep) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId} | Replace a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceSnapshotDependency**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceSnapshotDependency) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/snapshot-dependencies/{snapshotDepLocator} | Update a snapshot dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**replaceTrigger**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#replaceTrigger) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator} | Update a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setAgentRequirementParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#setAgentRequirementParameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/agent-requirements/{agentRequirementLocator}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of an agent requirement of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setArtifactDependencyParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#setArtifactDependencyParameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/artifact-dependencies/{artifactDepLocator}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of an artifact dependency of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setBuildFeatureParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#setBuildFeatureParameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/features/{featureId}/{name} | Update a parameter of a build feature of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setBuildStepParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#setBuildStepParameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/steps/{stepId}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of a build step of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setBuildTypeField**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#setBuildTypeField) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setBuildTypeTemplates**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#setBuildTypeTemplates) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/templates | Update all templates of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**setTriggerParameter**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#setTriggerParameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/triggers/{triggerLocator}/{fieldName} | Update a parameter of a trigger of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParameterOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#updateBuildParameterOfBuildType) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name} | Update build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParameterSpecificationOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#updateBuildParameterSpecificationOfBuildType) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Update build parameter specification.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParameterTypeOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#updateBuildParameterTypeOfBuildType) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Update type of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParameterValueOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#updateBuildParameterValueOfBuildType) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Update value of build parameter.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildParametersOfBuildType**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#updateBuildParametersOfBuildType) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/parameters | Update build parameters.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildTypeVcsRoot**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#updateBuildTypeVcsRoot) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator} | Update a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*BuildTypeApi* | [**updateBuildTypeVcsRootCheckoutRules**](docs/BuildTypeApi.md#updateBuildTypeVcsRootCheckoutRules) | **PUT** /app/rest/buildTypes/{btLocator}/vcs-root-entries/{vcsRootLocator}/checkout-rules | Update checkout rules of a VCS root of the matching build configuration.
*ChangeApi* | [**getAllChanges**](docs/ChangeApi.md#getAllChanges) | **GET** /app/rest/changes | Get all changes.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChange**](docs/ChangeApi.md#getChange) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator} | Get change matching the locator.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeAttributes**](docs/ChangeApi.md#getChangeAttributes) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/attributes | Get attributes of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeDuplicates**](docs/ChangeApi.md#getChangeDuplicates) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/duplicates | Get duplicates of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeField**](docs/ChangeApi.md#getChangeField) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeIssue**](docs/ChangeApi.md#getChangeIssue) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/issues | Get issues of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeParentChanges**](docs/ChangeApi.md#getChangeParentChanges) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/parentChanges | Get parent changes of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeParentRevisions**](docs/ChangeApi.md#getChangeParentRevisions) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/parentRevisions | Get parent revisions of the matching change.
*ChangeApi* | [**getChangeVcsRoot**](docs/ChangeApi.md#getChangeVcsRoot) | **GET** /app/rest/changes/{changeLocator}/vcsRootInstance | Get a VCS root instance of the matching change.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getAllCloudImages**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#getAllCloudImages) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/images | Get all cloud images.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getAllCloudInstances**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#getAllCloudInstances) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/instances | Get all cloud instances.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getAllCloudProfiles**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#getAllCloudProfiles) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/profiles | Get all cloud profiles.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getCloudImage**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#getCloudImage) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/images/{imageLocator} | Get cloud image matching the locator.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getCloudInstance**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#getCloudInstance) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/instances/{instanceLocator} | Get cloud instance matching the locator.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**getCloudProfile**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#getCloudProfile) | **GET** /app/rest/cloud/profiles/{profileLocator} | Get cloud profile matching the locator.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**startInstance**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#startInstance) | **POST** /app/rest/cloud/instances | Start a new cloud instance.
*CloudInstanceApi* | [**stopInstance**](docs/CloudInstanceApi.md#stopInstance) | **DELETE** /app/rest/cloud/instances/{instanceLocator} | Stop cloud instance matching the locator.
*GroupApi* | [**addGroup**](docs/GroupApi.md#addGroup) | **POST** /app/rest/userGroups | Add a new user group.
*GroupApi* | [**addRoleAtScopeToGroup**](docs/GroupApi.md#addRoleAtScopeToGroup) | **POST** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Add a role with the specific scope to the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**addRoleToGroup**](docs/GroupApi.md#addRoleToGroup) | **POST** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles | Add a role to the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**deleteGroup**](docs/GroupApi.md#deleteGroup) | **DELETE** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator} | Delete user group matching the locator.
*GroupApi* | [**getAllGroups**](docs/GroupApi.md#getAllGroups) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups | Get all user groups.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupParentGroups**](docs/GroupApi.md#getGroupParentGroups) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/parent-groups | Get parent groups of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupProperties**](docs/GroupApi.md#getGroupProperties) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties | Get properties of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupProperty**](docs/GroupApi.md#getGroupProperty) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties/{name} | Get a property of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupRoleAtScope**](docs/GroupApi.md#getGroupRoleAtScope) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Get a role with the specific scope of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getGroupRoles**](docs/GroupApi.md#getGroupRoles) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles | Get all roles of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**getUserGroupOfGroup**](docs/GroupApi.md#getUserGroupOfGroup) | **GET** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator} | Get user group matching the locator.
*GroupApi* | [**removeGroupProperty**](docs/GroupApi.md#removeGroupProperty) | **DELETE** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties/{name} | Remove a property of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**removeRoleAtScopeFromGroup**](docs/GroupApi.md#removeRoleAtScopeFromGroup) | **DELETE** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Remove a role with the specific scope from the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**setGroupParentGroups**](docs/GroupApi.md#setGroupParentGroups) | **PUT** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/parent-groups | Update parent groups of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**setGroupProperty**](docs/GroupApi.md#setGroupProperty) | **PUT** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/properties/{name} | Update a property of the matching user group.
*GroupApi* | [**setGroupRoles**](docs/GroupApi.md#setGroupRoles) | **PUT** /app/rest/userGroups/{groupLocator}/roles | Update roles of the matching user group.
*HealthApi* | [**getCategories**](docs/HealthApi.md#getCategories) | **GET** /app/rest/health/category | 
*HealthApi* | [**getHealthItems**](docs/HealthApi.md#getHealthItems) | **GET** /app/rest/health | 
*HealthApi* | [**getSingleCategory**](docs/HealthApi.md#getSingleCategory) | **GET** /app/rest/health/category/{locator} | 
*HealthApi* | [**getSingleHealthItem**](docs/HealthApi.md#getSingleHealthItem) | **GET** /app/rest/health/{locator} | 
*InvestigationApi* | [**addInvestigation**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#addInvestigation) | **POST** /app/rest/investigations | Create a new investigation.
*InvestigationApi* | [**addMultipleInvestigations**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#addMultipleInvestigations) | **POST** /app/rest/investigations/multiple | Create multiple new investigations.
*InvestigationApi* | [**deleteInvestigation**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#deleteInvestigation) | **DELETE** /app/rest/investigations/{investigationLocator} | Delete investigation matching the locator.
*InvestigationApi* | [**getAllInvestigations**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#getAllInvestigations) | **GET** /app/rest/investigations | Get all investigations.
*InvestigationApi* | [**getInvestigation**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#getInvestigation) | **GET** /app/rest/investigations/{investigationLocator} | Get investigation matching the locator.
*InvestigationApi* | [**replaceInvestigation**](docs/InvestigationApi.md#replaceInvestigation) | **PUT** /app/rest/investigations/{investigationLocator} | Update investigation matching the locator.
*MuteApi* | [**getAllMutedTests**](docs/MuteApi.md#getAllMutedTests) | **GET** /app/rest/mutes | Get all muted tests.
*MuteApi* | [**getMutedTest**](docs/MuteApi.md#getMutedTest) | **GET** /app/rest/mutes/{muteLocator} | Get a muted test.
*MuteApi* | [**muteMultipleTests**](docs/MuteApi.md#muteMultipleTests) | **POST** /app/rest/mutes/multiple | Mute multiple tests.
*MuteApi* | [**muteTest**](docs/MuteApi.md#muteTest) | **POST** /app/rest/mutes | Mute a test.
*MuteApi* | [**unmuteTest**](docs/MuteApi.md#unmuteTest) | **DELETE** /app/rest/mutes/{muteLocator} | Unmute the matching test.
*NodeApi* | [**changeNodeResponsibility**](docs/NodeApi.md#changeNodeResponsibility) | **PUT** /app/rest/server/nodes/{nodeLocator}/enabledResponsibilities/{name} | Enables or disables responsibility for a node.
*NodeApi* | [**getAllNodes**](docs/NodeApi.md#getAllNodes) | **GET** /app/rest/server/nodes | Get all TeamCity nodes.
*NodeApi* | [**getDisabledResponsibilities**](docs/NodeApi.md#getDisabledResponsibilities) | **GET** /app/rest/server/nodes/{nodeLocator}/disabledResponsibilities | Get all effective responsibilities for a node matching the locator.
*NodeApi* | [**getEffectiveResponsibilities**](docs/NodeApi.md#getEffectiveResponsibilities) | **GET** /app/rest/server/nodes/{nodeLocator}/effectiveResponsibilities | Get all effective responsibilities for a node matching the locator.
*NodeApi* | [**getEnabledResponsibilities**](docs/NodeApi.md#getEnabledResponsibilities) | **GET** /app/rest/server/nodes/{nodeLocator}/enabledResponsibilities | Get all enabled responsibilities for a node matching the locator.
*NodeApi* | [**getNode**](docs/NodeApi.md#getNode) | **GET** /app/rest/server/nodes/{nodeLocator} | Get a node matching the locator.
*ProblemApi* | [**getAllBuildProblems**](docs/ProblemApi.md#getAllBuildProblems) | **GET** /app/rest/problems | Get all build problems.
*ProblemApi* | [**getBuildProblem**](docs/ProblemApi.md#getBuildProblem) | **GET** /app/rest/problems/{problemLocator} | Get a matching build problem.
*ProblemOccurrenceApi* | [**getAllBuildProblemOccurrences**](docs/ProblemOccurrenceApi.md#getAllBuildProblemOccurrences) | **GET** /app/rest/problemOccurrences | Get all build problem occurrences.
*ProblemOccurrenceApi* | [**getBuildProblemOccurrence**](docs/ProblemOccurrenceApi.md#getBuildProblemOccurrence) | **GET** /app/rest/problemOccurrences/{problemLocator} | Get a matching build problem occurrence.
*ProjectApi* | [**addAgentPoolsProject**](docs/ProjectApi.md#addAgentPoolsProject) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools | Assign the matching project to the agent pool.
*ProjectApi* | [**addBuildType**](docs/ProjectApi.md#addBuildType) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/buildTypes | Add a build configuration to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**addFeature**](docs/ProjectApi.md#addFeature) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures | Add a feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**addProject**](docs/ProjectApi.md#addProject) | **POST** /app/rest/projects | Create a new project.
*ProjectApi* | [**addSecureToken**](docs/ProjectApi.md#addSecureToken) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/secure/tokens | Create a new secure token for the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**addTemplate**](docs/ProjectApi.md#addTemplate) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/templates | Add a build configuration template to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**createBuildParameter**](docs/ProjectApi.md#createBuildParameter) | **POST** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Create a build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**deleteBuildParameter**](docs/ProjectApi.md#deleteBuildParameter) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name} | Delete build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**deleteBuildParameters**](docs/ProjectApi.md#deleteBuildParameters) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Delete all build parameters.
*ProjectApi* | [**deleteFeature**](docs/ProjectApi.md#deleteFeature) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures/{featureLocator} | Delete a matching feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**deleteProject**](docs/ProjectApi.md#deleteProject) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator} | Delete project matching the locator.
*ProjectApi* | [**getAgentPoolsProject**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getAgentPoolsProject) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools | Get agent pools appointed to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getAllBranches**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getAllBranches) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/branches | Get all branches of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getAllBuildTypesOrdered**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getAllBuildTypesOrdered) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/buildTypes | Get all build configurations from the matching project, with custom ordering applied.
*ProjectApi* | [**getAllProjects**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getAllProjects) | **GET** /app/rest/projects | Get all projects.
*ProjectApi* | [**getAllSubprojectsOrdered**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getAllSubprojectsOrdered) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/projects | Get all subprojects of the matching project, with custom ordering applied.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameter**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getBuildParameter) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name} | Get build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameterSpecification**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getBuildParameterSpecification) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Get build parameter specification.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameterType**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getBuildParameterType) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Get type of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameterValue**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getBuildParameterValue) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Get value of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**getBuildParameters**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getBuildParameters) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Get build parameters.
*ProjectApi* | [**getDefaultTemplate**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getDefaultTemplate) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/defaultTemplate | Get the default template of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getFeature**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getFeature) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures/{featureLocator} | Get a matching feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**getFeatures**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getFeatures) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures | Get all features.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProject**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getProject) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator} | Get project matching the locator.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProjectField**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getProjectField) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProjectParentProject**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getProjectParentProject) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parentProject | Get the parent project of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProjectSettingsFile**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getProjectSettingsFile) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/settingsFile | Get the settings file of the matching build configuration.
*ProjectApi* | [**getProjectTemplates**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getProjectTemplates) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/templates | Get all templates of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**getSecureValue**](docs/ProjectApi.md#getSecureValue) | **GET** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/secure/values/{token} | Get a secure token of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**removeDefaultTemplate**](docs/ProjectApi.md#removeDefaultTemplate) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/defaultTemplate | Remove the default template from the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**removeProjectFromAgentPool**](docs/ProjectApi.md#removeProjectFromAgentPool) | **DELETE** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools/{agentPoolLocator} | Unassign a project from the matching agent pool.
*ProjectApi* | [**setAgentPoolsProject**](docs/ProjectApi.md#setAgentPoolsProject) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/agentPools | Update agent pools apppointed to the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setBuildTypesOrder**](docs/ProjectApi.md#setBuildTypesOrder) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/buildTypes | Update custom ordering of build configurations of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setDefaultTemplate**](docs/ProjectApi.md#setDefaultTemplate) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/defaultTemplate | Update the default template of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setParentProject**](docs/ProjectApi.md#setParentProject) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parentProject | Update the parent project of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setProjectField**](docs/ProjectApi.md#setProjectField) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**setSubprojectsOrder**](docs/ProjectApi.md#setSubprojectsOrder) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/order/projects | Update custom ordering of subprojects of the matching project.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameter**](docs/ProjectApi.md#updateBuildParameter) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name} | Update build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameterSpecification**](docs/ProjectApi.md#updateBuildParameterSpecification) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type/rawValue | Update build parameter specification.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameterType**](docs/ProjectApi.md#updateBuildParameterType) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/type | Update type of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameterValue**](docs/ProjectApi.md#updateBuildParameterValue) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters/{name}/value | Update value of build parameter.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateBuildParameters**](docs/ProjectApi.md#updateBuildParameters) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/parameters | Update build parameters.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateFeature**](docs/ProjectApi.md#updateFeature) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures/{featureLocator} | Update a matching feature.
*ProjectApi* | [**updateFeatures**](docs/ProjectApi.md#updateFeatures) | **PUT** /app/rest/projects/{projectLocator}/projectFeatures | Update all features.
*RootApi* | [**getApiVersion**](docs/RootApi.md#getApiVersion) | **GET** /app/rest/apiVersion | Get the API version.
*RootApi* | [**getPluginInfo**](docs/RootApi.md#getPluginInfo) | **GET** /app/rest/info | Get the plugin info.
*RootApi* | [**getRootEndpointsOfRoot**](docs/RootApi.md#getRootEndpointsOfRoot) | **GET** /app/rest | Get root endpoints.
*RootApi* | [**getVersion**](docs/RootApi.md#getVersion) | **GET** /app/rest/version | Get the TeamCity server version.
*ServerApi* | [**addLicenseKeys**](docs/ServerApi.md#addLicenseKeys) | **POST** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys | Add license keys.
*ServerApi* | [**deleteLicenseKey**](docs/ServerApi.md#deleteLicenseKey) | **DELETE** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys/{licenseKey} | Delete a license key.
*ServerApi* | [**downloadFileOfServer**](docs/ServerApi.md#downloadFileOfServer) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/files{path} | Download specific file.
*ServerApi* | [**getAllMetrics**](docs/ServerApi.md#getAllMetrics) | **GET** /app/rest/server/metrics | Get metrics.
*ServerApi* | [**getAllPlugins**](docs/ServerApi.md#getAllPlugins) | **GET** /app/rest/server/plugins | Get all plugins.
*ServerApi* | [**getBackupStatus**](docs/ServerApi.md#getBackupStatus) | **GET** /app/rest/server/backup | Get the latest backup status.
*ServerApi* | [**getFileMetadataOfServer**](docs/ServerApi.md#getFileMetadataOfServer) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*ServerApi* | [**getFilesListForSubpathOfServer**](docs/ServerApi.md#getFilesListForSubpathOfServer) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/{path} | List files under this path.
*ServerApi* | [**getFilesListOfServer**](docs/ServerApi.md#getFilesListOfServer) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId} | List all files.
*ServerApi* | [**getLicenseKey**](docs/ServerApi.md#getLicenseKey) | **GET** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys/{licenseKey} | Get a license key.
*ServerApi* | [**getLicenseKeys**](docs/ServerApi.md#getLicenseKeys) | **GET** /app/rest/server/licensingData/licenseKeys | Get all license keys.
*ServerApi* | [**getLicensingData**](docs/ServerApi.md#getLicensingData) | **GET** /app/rest/server/licensingData | Get the licensing data.
*ServerApi* | [**getServerField**](docs/ServerApi.md#getServerField) | **GET** /app/rest/server/{field} | Get a field of the server info.
*ServerApi* | [**getServerInfo**](docs/ServerApi.md#getServerInfo) | **GET** /app/rest/server | Get the server info.
*ServerApi* | [**getZippedFileOfServer**](docs/ServerApi.md#getZippedFileOfServer) | **GET** /app/rest/server/files/{areaId}/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*ServerApi* | [**startBackup**](docs/ServerApi.md#startBackup) | **POST** /app/rest/server/backup | Start a new backup.
*TestApi* | [**getTest**](docs/TestApi.md#getTest) | **GET** /app/rest/tests/{testLocator} | Get a matching test.
*TestApi* | [**getTests**](docs/TestApi.md#getTests) | **GET** /app/rest/tests | Get all tests.
*TestOccurrenceApi* | [**getAllTestOccurrences**](docs/TestOccurrenceApi.md#getAllTestOccurrences) | **GET** /app/rest/testOccurrences | Get all test occurrences.
*TestOccurrenceApi* | [**getTestOccurrence**](docs/TestOccurrenceApi.md#getTestOccurrence) | **GET** /app/rest/testOccurrences/{testLocator} | Get a matching test occurrence.
*UserApi* | [**addRoleToUser**](docs/UserApi.md#addRoleToUser) | **POST** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles | Add a role to the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**addRoleToUserAtScope**](docs/UserApi.md#addRoleToUserAtScope) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Add a role with the specific scope to the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**addUser**](docs/UserApi.md#addUser) | **POST** /app/rest/users | Create a new user.
*UserApi* | [**addUserToken**](docs/UserApi.md#addUserToken) | **POST** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/tokens | Create a new authentication token for the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**deleteUser**](docs/UserApi.md#deleteUser) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator} | Delete user matching the locator.
*UserApi* | [**deleteUserField**](docs/UserApi.md#deleteUserField) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/{field} | Remove a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**deleteUserToken**](docs/UserApi.md#deleteUserToken) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/tokens/{name} | Remove an authentication token from the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getAllUserGroups**](docs/UserApi.md#getAllUserGroups) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups | Get all groups of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getAllUserRoles**](docs/UserApi.md#getAllUserRoles) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles | Get all user roles of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getAllUsers**](docs/UserApi.md#getAllUsers) | **GET** /app/rest/users | Get all users.
*UserApi* | [**getUser**](docs/UserApi.md#getUser) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator} | Get user matching the locator.
*UserApi* | [**getUserField**](docs/UserApi.md#getUserField) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserGroup**](docs/UserApi.md#getUserGroup) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups/{groupLocator} | Get a user group of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserPermissions**](docs/UserApi.md#getUserPermissions) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/permissions | Get all permissions effective for the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserProperties**](docs/UserApi.md#getUserProperties) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties | Get all properties of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserProperty**](docs/UserApi.md#getUserProperty) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties/{name} | Get a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserRolesAtScope**](docs/UserApi.md#getUserRolesAtScope) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Get a user role with the specific scope from the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**getUserTokens**](docs/UserApi.md#getUserTokens) | **GET** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/tokens | Get all authentication tokens of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**removeUserFromGroup**](docs/UserApi.md#removeUserFromGroup) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups/{groupLocator} | Remove the matching user from the specific group.
*UserApi* | [**removeUserProperty**](docs/UserApi.md#removeUserProperty) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties/{name} | Remove a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**removeUserRememberMe**](docs/UserApi.md#removeUserRememberMe) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/debug/rememberMe | Remove the RememberMe data of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**removeUserRoleAtScope**](docs/UserApi.md#removeUserRoleAtScope) | **DELETE** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles/{roleId}/{scope} | Remove a role with the specific scope from the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**replaceUser**](docs/UserApi.md#replaceUser) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator} | Update user matching the locator.
*UserApi* | [**setUserField**](docs/UserApi.md#setUserField) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**setUserGroups**](docs/UserApi.md#setUserGroups) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/groups | Update groups of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**setUserProperty**](docs/UserApi.md#setUserProperty) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/properties/{name} | Update a property of the matching user.
*UserApi* | [**setUserRoles**](docs/UserApi.md#setUserRoles) | **PUT** /app/rest/users/{userLocator}/roles | Update user roles of the matching user.
*VcsRootApi* | [**addVcsRoot**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#addVcsRoot) | **POST** /app/rest/vcs-roots | Add a new VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**deleteAllVcsRootProperties**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#deleteAllVcsRootProperties) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties | Delete all properties of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**deleteVcsRoot**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#deleteVcsRoot) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator} | Remove VCS root matching the locator.
*VcsRootApi* | [**deleteVcsRootProperty**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#deleteVcsRootProperty) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties/{name} | Delete a property of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getAllVcsRootProperties**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#getAllVcsRootProperties) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties | Get all properties of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getAllVcsRoots**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#getAllVcsRoots) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots | Get all VCS roots.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getRootEndpoints**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#getRootEndpoints) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator} | Get root endpoints.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getVcsRootField**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#getVcsRootField) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getVcsRootInstances**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#getVcsRootInstances) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/instances | Get all VCS root instances of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getVcsRootProperty**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#getVcsRootProperty) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties/{name} | Get a property on the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**getVcsRootSettingsFile**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#getVcsRootSettingsFile) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/settingsFile | Get the settings file of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**setVcsRootField**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#setVcsRootField) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/{field} | Update a field of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**setVcsRootProperties**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#setVcsRootProperties) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties | Update all properties of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootApi* | [**setVcsRootProperty**](docs/VcsRootApi.md#setVcsRootProperty) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-roots/{vcsRootLocator}/properties/{name} | Update a property of the matching VCS root.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**deleteVcsRootInstanceField**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#deleteVcsRootInstanceField) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/{field} | Remove a field of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**deleteVcsRootInstanceRepositoryState**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#deleteVcsRootInstanceRepositoryState) | **DELETE** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState | Delete the last repository state of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**downloadFile**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#downloadFile) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/files{path} | Download specific file.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getAllVcsRootInstances**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getAllVcsRootInstances) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances | Get all VCS root instances.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getFileMetadata**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getFileMetadata) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/metadata{path} | Get metadata of specific file.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getFilesList**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getFilesList) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest | List all files.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getFilesListForSubpath**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getFilesListForSubpath) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/{path} | List files under this path.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstance**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getVcsRootInstance) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator} | Get VCS root instance matching the locator.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstanceCreationDate**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getVcsRootInstanceCreationDate) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState/creationDate | Get the creation date of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstanceField**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getVcsRootInstanceField) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstanceProperties**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getVcsRootInstanceProperties) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/properties | Get all properties of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getVcsRootInstanceRepositoryState**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getVcsRootInstanceRepositoryState) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState | Get the repository state of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**getZippedFile**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#getZippedFile) | **GET** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/files/latest/archived{path} | Get specific file zipped.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**requestPendingChangesCheck**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#requestPendingChangesCheck) | **POST** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/checkingForChangesQueue | Check for the pending changes for all VCS root instances.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**setVcsRootInstanceField**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#setVcsRootInstanceField) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/{field} | Get a field of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**setVcsRootInstanceRepositoryState**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#setVcsRootInstanceRepositoryState) | **PUT** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/{vcsRootInstanceLocator}/repositoryState | Update the repository state of the matching VCS root instance.
*VcsRootInstanceApi* | [**triggerCommitHookNotification**](docs/VcsRootInstanceApi.md#triggerCommitHookNotification) | **POST** /app/rest/vcs-root-instances/commitHookNotification | Send the commit hook notification.


## Documentation for Models

 - [Agent](docs/Agent.md)
 - [AgentLocator](docs/AgentLocator.md)
 - [AgentPool](docs/AgentPool.md)
 - [AgentPoolLocator](docs/AgentPoolLocator.md)
 - [AgentPools](docs/AgentPools.md)
 - [AgentRequirement](docs/AgentRequirement.md)
 - [AgentRequirements](docs/AgentRequirements.md)
 - [Agents](docs/Agents.md)
 - [ApprovalInfo](docs/ApprovalInfo.md)
 - [ArtifactDependencies](docs/ArtifactDependencies.md)
 - [ArtifactDependency](docs/ArtifactDependency.md)
 - [ArtifactDownloadInfo](docs/ArtifactDownloadInfo.md)
 - [AuditAction](docs/AuditAction.md)
 - [AuditEvent](docs/AuditEvent.md)
 - [AuditEvents](docs/AuditEvents.md)
 - [AuditLocator](docs/AuditLocator.md)
 - [AuthorizedInfo](docs/AuthorizedInfo.md)
 - [Branch](docs/Branch.md)
 - [BranchLocator](docs/BranchLocator.md)
 - [BranchVersion](docs/BranchVersion.md)
 - [Branches](docs/Branches.md)
 - [Build](docs/Build.md)
 - [BuildCancelRequest](docs/BuildCancelRequest.md)
 - [BuildChange](docs/BuildChange.md)
 - [BuildChanges](docs/BuildChanges.md)
 - [BuildLocator](docs/BuildLocator.md)
 - [BuildQueueLocator](docs/BuildQueueLocator.md)
 - [BuildStatusUpdate](docs/BuildStatusUpdate.md)
 - [BuildTriggerCustomization](docs/BuildTriggerCustomization.md)
 - [BuildTriggeringOptions](docs/BuildTriggeringOptions.md)
 - [BuildType](docs/BuildType.md)
 - [BuildTypeLocator](docs/BuildTypeLocator.md)
 - [BuildTypes](docs/BuildTypes.md)
 - [Builds](docs/Builds.md)
 - [Change](docs/Change.md)
 - [ChangeLocator](docs/ChangeLocator.md)
 - [ChangeStatus](docs/ChangeStatus.md)
 - [Changes](docs/Changes.md)
 - [CloudImage](docs/CloudImage.md)
 - [CloudImageLocator](docs/CloudImageLocator.md)
 - [CloudImages](docs/CloudImages.md)
 - [CloudInstance](docs/CloudInstance.md)
 - [CloudInstanceLocator](docs/CloudInstanceLocator.md)
 - [CloudInstances](docs/CloudInstances.md)
 - [CloudProfile](docs/CloudProfile.md)
 - [CloudProfileLocator](docs/CloudProfileLocator.md)
 - [CloudProfiles](docs/CloudProfiles.md)
 - [Comment](docs/Comment.md)
 - [Commiter](docs/Commiter.md)
 - [Compatibilities](docs/Compatibilities.md)
 - [Compatibility](docs/Compatibility.md)
 - [CompatibilityPolicy](docs/CompatibilityPolicy.md)
 - [Customizations](docs/Customizations.md)
 - [Datas](docs/Datas.md)
 - [DisabledResponsibilities](docs/DisabledResponsibilities.md)
 - [DownloadInfo](docs/DownloadInfo.md)
 - [DownloadedArtifacts](docs/DownloadedArtifacts.md)
 - [EffectiveResponsibilities](docs/EffectiveResponsibilities.md)
 - [EnabledInfo](docs/EnabledInfo.md)
 - [EnabledResponsibilities](docs/EnabledResponsibilities.md)
 - [Entries](docs/Entries.md)
 - [Entry](docs/Entry.md)
 - [Environment](docs/Environment.md)
 - [Feature](docs/Feature.md)
 - [Features](docs/Features.md)
 - [File](docs/File.md)
 - [FileChange](docs/FileChange.md)
 - [FileChanges](docs/FileChanges.md)
 - [Files](docs/Files.md)
 - [Group](docs/Group.md)
 - [GroupApprovalRule](docs/GroupApprovalRule.md)
 - [GroupApprovals](docs/GroupApprovals.md)
 - [Groups](docs/Groups.md)
 - [HealthCategories](docs/HealthCategories.md)
 - [HealthCategory](docs/HealthCategory.md)
 - [HealthItem](docs/HealthItem.md)
 - [HealthStatusItems](docs/HealthStatusItems.md)
 - [Href](docs/Href.md)
 - [Investigation](docs/Investigation.md)
 - [InvestigationLocator](docs/InvestigationLocator.md)
 - [Investigations](docs/Investigations.md)
 - [Issue](docs/Issue.md)
 - [IssueUsage](docs/IssueUsage.md)
 - [Issues](docs/Issues.md)
 - [IssuesUsages](docs/IssuesUsages.md)
 - [Items](docs/Items.md)
 - [LicenseKey](docs/LicenseKey.md)
 - [LicenseKeys](docs/LicenseKeys.md)
 - [LicensingData](docs/LicensingData.md)
 - [Link](docs/Link.md)
 - [Links](docs/Links.md)
 - [MetaData](docs/MetaData.md)
 - [Metric](docs/Metric.md)
 - [MetricTag](docs/MetricTag.md)
 - [MetricTags](docs/MetricTags.md)
 - [MetricValue](docs/MetricValue.md)
 - [MetricValues](docs/MetricValues.md)
 - [Metrics](docs/Metrics.md)
 - [MultipleOperationResult](docs/MultipleOperationResult.md)
 - [Mute](docs/Mute.md)
 - [MuteLocator](docs/MuteLocator.md)
 - [Mutes](docs/Mutes.md)
 - [NewBuildTypeDescription](docs/NewBuildTypeDescription.md)
 - [NewProjectDescription](docs/NewProjectDescription.md)
 - [Node](docs/Node.md)
 - [Nodes](docs/Nodes.md)
 - [OperationResult](docs/OperationResult.md)
 - [ParsedTestName](docs/ParsedTestName.md)
 - [Permission](docs/Permission.md)
 - [PermissionAssignment](docs/PermissionAssignment.md)
 - [PermissionAssignments](docs/PermissionAssignments.md)
 - [PermissionRestriction](docs/PermissionRestriction.md)
 - [PermissionRestrictions](docs/PermissionRestrictions.md)
 - [PinInfo](docs/PinInfo.md)
 - [Plugin](docs/Plugin.md)
 - [Plugins](docs/Plugins.md)
 - [Problem](docs/Problem.md)
 - [ProblemLocator](docs/ProblemLocator.md)
 - [ProblemOccurrence](docs/ProblemOccurrence.md)
 - [ProblemOccurrenceLocator](docs/ProblemOccurrenceLocator.md)
 - [ProblemOccurrences](docs/ProblemOccurrences.md)
 - [ProblemScope](docs/ProblemScope.md)
 - [ProblemTarget](docs/ProblemTarget.md)
 - [Problems](docs/Problems.md)
 - [ProgressInfo](docs/ProgressInfo.md)
 - [Project](docs/Project.md)
 - [ProjectFeature](docs/ProjectFeature.md)
 - [ProjectFeatures](docs/ProjectFeatures.md)
 - [ProjectLocator](docs/ProjectLocator.md)
 - [Projects](docs/Projects.md)
 - [Properties](docs/Properties.md)
 - [Property](docs/Property.md)
 - [Related](docs/Related.md)
 - [RelatedEntities](docs/RelatedEntities.md)
 - [RelatedEntity](docs/RelatedEntity.md)
 - [RepositoryState](docs/RepositoryState.md)
 - [Requirements](docs/Requirements.md)
 - [Resolution](docs/Resolution.md)
 - [Responsibility](docs/Responsibility.md)
 - [Revision](docs/Revision.md)
 - [Revisions](docs/Revisions.md)
 - [Role](docs/Role.md)
 - [Roles](docs/Roles.md)
 - [Server](docs/Server.md)
 - [SnapshotDependencies](docs/SnapshotDependencies.md)
 - [SnapshotDependency](docs/SnapshotDependency.md)
 - [SnapshotDependencyLink](docs/SnapshotDependencyLink.md)
 - [StateField](docs/StateField.md)
 - [Step](docs/Step.md)
 - [Steps](docs/Steps.md)
 - [Tag](docs/Tag.md)
 - [TagLocator](docs/TagLocator.md)
 - [Tags](docs/Tags.md)
 - [TeamCityNodeLocator](docs/TeamCityNodeLocator.md)
 - [Test](docs/Test.md)
 - [TestCounters](docs/TestCounters.md)
 - [TestLocator](docs/TestLocator.md)
 - [TestOccurrence](docs/TestOccurrence.md)
 - [TestOccurrenceLocator](docs/TestOccurrenceLocator.md)
 - [TestOccurrences](docs/TestOccurrences.md)
 - [TestRunMetadata](docs/TestRunMetadata.md)
 - [Tests](docs/Tests.md)
 - [Token](docs/Token.md)
 - [Tokens](docs/Tokens.md)
 - [Trigger](docs/Trigger.md)
 - [TriggeredBy](docs/TriggeredBy.md)
 - [Triggers](docs/Triggers.md)
 - [Type](docs/Type.md)
 - [TypedValue](docs/TypedValue.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)
 - [UserApprovalRule](docs/UserApprovalRule.md)
 - [UserApprovals](docs/UserApprovals.md)
 - [UserAvatars](docs/UserAvatars.md)
 - [UserGroupLocator](docs/UserGroupLocator.md)
 - [UserLocator](docs/UserLocator.md)
 - [Users](docs/Users.md)
 - [VcsCheckStatus](docs/VcsCheckStatus.md)
 - [VcsLabel](docs/VcsLabel.md)
 - [VcsLabels](docs/VcsLabels.md)
 - [VcsRoot](docs/VcsRoot.md)
 - [VcsRootEntries](docs/VcsRootEntries.md)
 - [VcsRootEntry](docs/VcsRootEntry.md)
 - [VcsRootInstance](docs/VcsRootInstance.md)
 - [VcsRootInstanceLocator](docs/VcsRootInstanceLocator.md)
 - [VcsRootInstances](docs/VcsRootInstances.md)
 - [VcsRootLocator](docs/VcsRootLocator.md)
 - [VcsRoots](docs/VcsRoots.md)
 - [VcsStatus](docs/VcsStatus.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



